the tragic end of urban history
wolves remind wolves who took
breed private breeder in private
sector in the factory area regularly
raised a hype they ran down more than once
torn to pieces by local dogs
the neighbour's living creatures were just
it's scary to live like this and let go
children to walk or to school and local
residents more than once sounded the alarm and reported
about all this auto factory authorities but
no one took any measures
in the end during the next escape
enterprise employees protection
not just these wolves were caught and taken
to its center but there are wild beasts not
have lived
not caught all three wolves died
the owner of animals as he declares
all this time was in the hospital and the news about
death news about the death of wolves is extremely
outraged by the plan I have loved my
they loved me a lot
He turned evil protection and Nan demanded
show me their living here they are to me in this
They refused, they told me that they had sex
they gnawed
ran out to the territory they had to
make an injection but they left their heart
I say that all three stopped
heart yes
the doctor approached the death of all
three that so many years I kept them
worries or trouble that is, I did not have
the World Winter
I was operated on at this time you should
nothing should have been
he himself up to the administration representatives
your consent to the killings salpa when
they ran when they ran for why in
I agree kill the wolves did not give
where did you get such a document show me
so he signed my I could not give
consent to kill the wolves of which
raised and fed with his own hands
during the month that he had a mixture
he didn't even come here once
had arrived
declare your rights
wolves are quite aggressive animals
here we had them placed in
individual enclosures understood was gnawed
attempt to attack
admin wog Neiles and you are worth
ran here across the territory for protection
had to do the anesthesia had to take them
enclosures to fix them all three
wolves had to replant again
make anesthesia and wolves just keep it
already on the skin when wolves are wild animals
run around town forget and eat there
pets rush at people and he
says he
everything is normal provided referring to
that someone they broke something well
Wolves do not need it should be 70 000 for the
of each lesson I would love to
million publicly speak million
barbato
if they were alive no need to cheat
we have a video camera when you are here
darwin challenge protection pay me 70
thousand for each wolf would be for under
the video camera would not have been embarrassing
obliged to repay millions refuses
from 70 to live there is no need for change
my words i said if you
if they were alive I would have refused
millions they were alive
By the way the owner of the wolves has already turned into
police a statement about the kidnapping of damage
property